THE FAR TOO IMPOSSIBLE
CASE OF MURDER
His guard may have been down,
but even so,
there aren't many humans
who could take out a Class S hero.
Indeed. The killer is probably...
one of us here!
But which one?
THE ZOMBIEMAN MURDER FILE
THE PRIOR DAY
The story begins a day ago.
We were honored as persons
of distinguished service
for saving the Earth
from alien invasions
and preventing the largest disaster
in history.
WELCOME HERO ASSOCIATION MEMBERS and
preventing the largest disaster in history.
WELCOME HERO ASSOCIATION MEMBERS
WELCOME HERO ASSOCIATION MEMBERS In appreciation,
the Hero Association took us on an overnight trip.
WELCOME HERO ASSOCIATION MEMBERS
That feels good...
It was very generous of
the Association to take us
on a hot springs trip
to celebrate our victory.
Though some of us left
the field without fighting...
You're right.
How come we're sharing this place
with a pack of jerks
who didn't lift a finger?!
We had other tasks.
What's more important
than fighting aliens?
It's none of your business.
They were taking down violent criminals
and monsters
with bounties on their heads
in other towns.
It's all been confirmed.
They left because they figured
the rest of us could handle things
without them.
Yeah, well, it all worked out.
| left because I was hungry.
| just want to protect my own town.
I've always got a pile of requests
to get rid of monsters.
| can't lie around all day like you.
What'd you say?!
| had to skip
my little sister's piano recital!
Come on, guys.
Let's try to get along today.
| could have handled it all
by myself.
Hey! You're not supposed to wear
swimsuits in a hot spring!
W-Who cares...?!
Jeez...
| doubt that the danger Madame Shibabawa
prophesied has passed.
I've asked you all here today
under the pretext
of discussing this matter.
But be that as it may,
| am deeply grateful for your heroic acts
the day of the attack.
I'd like you all to let loose
and enjoy yourself tonight.
All right!
Cheers!
| believe this is “Dragon Killer!”
A truly great sake!
Yeah. Easy to drink, but strong.
Who is it? Who's number one?
Muscle...pose!
Are they ever not
putting on a muscle show...
Having fun, Child Emperor?
Oh yeah, kind of.
| see. That's good.
No one would have believed it
at the time,
but our peaceful party was
about to turn into
a gruesome crime scene...
Let's start with the weapon
that was used.
Yeah, that's mine.
But I left my sword
in the banquet hall.
Someone must've taken it.
You don't believe me?
To begin with,
we were drinking over there
till just a moment ago, right?
True.
What? You think we're all
conspiring together?
Atomic Samurai is innocent.
What?
Sitch and I were there too.
You can ask him.
| suppose he can't be a suspect,
so his testimony would be credible.
Besides, we have no motive.
A motive, huh...
Speaking of motives,
| just remembered, Prisoner...
You were staring at Zombieman
rather suspiciously!
Yeah...I was thinking
it'd be so great...
What would?
If little Zombie here were mine.
However, I restrict myself
to violent criminals.
Even then, I never kill them!
What a waste!
But you're the only “convict'
amongst us.
Although you escape from prison
like it's nothing.
So society would say
the least trustworthy is—
That's discrimination!
| am reasoning via the process
of elimination.
In that case,
| have someone in mind too.
| overheard an ominous remark
when he and Zombie were talking.
You asked dear Zombieman
if he really wouldn't die
even if you punched him.
Yeah, Genos told me
there's a rumor going round
that he's immortal.
Don't tell me
Master Saitama is a suspect?
I'm just looking at different possibilities
from a rational perspective.
We don't know much about Saitama.
He could be a spy from
another organization—
Well, maybe not with that face.
Look, even if Master Saitama wanted
to kill Zombieman,
He would not need weapons.
A single punch—
Wart
If Master wanted to
test Zombieman's immortality,
he might have used a weapon
to go easy on him.
That would make sense!
Master, do not worry.
| will defend you at your trial.
| didn't do it!
Now, now. The others haven't been
cleared yet either.
Flash has fallen silent
as he stares at the dead body.
Pig God is eating breakfast.
Watchdog Man is still sleeping.
And as for Metal Bat...
| didn't do it.
Unlike the others, I'm a minor,
so I didn't drink.
So I couldn't have gotten drunk
and made a mistake...
W-What?
You're unusually quiet today.
Lay off! I'm just not
a morning person, that's all!
Now, now...
So who first discovered the body?
Wouldn't they be the prime suspect?
It was the waitress here,
so that's a dead end.
Well... I just ran over
because someone told me...
What? So someone else discovered
the body first?
King!
You...
Why didn't you say anything?
No one asked me.
Please tell us how
you found the body.
| was on my way to the vending machine
to get a drink
when I saw a body on the ground.
| let the front desk know.
That's it.
King, what were you up to last night?
| soaked in the bath in my room,
then went to sleep.
What? This inn is known for
its large outdoor bath.
Why would you use the bath
in your room?
Such decisions are mine to make.
There was always something sketchy
about this King guy...
I'm not trying to hide anything.
That sound...
You call it the “King Engine,” right?
Am I to assume
you are ready to fight?
If my innocence is under suspicion,
I'm left with no choice.
Jeez!
You're still at it?
If you're all under suspicion,
then I'll just restrain
all of you!
Hang on, Tornado!
Restrain? What's going on?
Could someone pull this out?
Who attacked you, Zombieman?
Well, I drank quite a bit last night,
so I don't really remember.
But, if I'm not mistaken,
that sword came flying
through the air and impaled me.
Then, because I was drunk,
| must have fallen asleep.
So you're saying my sword
was floating in the air?
Yeah, surrounded by a green light.
Just like that.
W-What?
Tornado, what were you doing
after dinner last night?
| don't remember!
Were you perhaps drinking?
| don't know.
| said, I don't remember!
You think you're gonna get away
with a lame excuse like that?
What?!
Look, I know Zombieman doesn't die
when he gets killed!
If I wanted him dead,
| wouldn't do something this half-assed.
Let's just forget it already.
Zombieman is fine
as we can all see.
Yeah, doesn't bother me.
Stuff like this happens all
the time when you drink.
- Huh?
Nah. Not really.
Okay, let's break it up.
Let's hit the baths, lai.
Oh.. .right!
Child Emperor...
Have a minute?
T-This is...
| knew Tornado did it.
She looks pretty drunk.
But why on earth would
she do this?
| know Zombieman doesn't die
when he gets killed!
Oh, I get it!
She knew about
Zombieman's regenerative abilities
and was just enjoying herself...
Then again,
what would cause Tornado
to drink to that point?
So the little brat caused
all that trouble?
But why would
she do something like that?
That ls...
...likely your fault, Master.
I'm done.
Here.
| still don't like drinking...
Don't like drinking?
Stop acting grown-up.
You're a kid.
Of course you shouldn't be drinking!
Kids should be drinking
orange juice or something!
Huh? Listen, you—
I'll go order one for you right now.
Tornado's pride got hurt,
so she forced herself
to drink more.
You know, that hot spring
sure felt great, huh, Genos?
Yes!
(Ah, that's the way)
(Ah, let's go)
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
"It isn't about winning or losing!
It's about me taking you on
right here, right now!”
The Cyclist for Justice,
Mumen Rider, is here!”
We may have different motives
but we share the same goal
We heroes are here
to protect the citizens.
Accomplishments, Skills,
Contributions
And popularity to boot
(Ah, Class S, Class A,
Class B, Class C!)
Class S rank 7, the name is King/
One-Punch Folk Song
“There's no way |,
Speed-o-Sound Sonic,
could ever sing with
a bunch of heroes!”
"Stop complaining
and start singing.”
"Humph, |, King,
the strongest man on earth,
will sing a solo.”
“That's the spirit!
We can all sing nicely together!”
(Ah, that's the way,
that's the way)
One attack, one kill, ONE PUNCH
One-Punch Folk Song
Dance! Sing! Fight!
One-Punch AH Folk Song